Asna highlanders
serve kick goal
wow here this development
the first corner at the gate to our
teams thank god with him all
okay
here you are the Turks left flank
trying to attack
center there left one quite well
so why do we let it pass in
the center is incomprehensible absolutely and again
Krasnogor Qi comes forward all the mice
ice floe and hit again and again Mikhail Shiryaev
and here on finishes did not see and
looked again well how do we let go 4
the ball is in the goal of our team
finally
where demichev clean bring someone to
shock position but nonetheless the ball in
grid and from oleg brewers seems to me
it was his blow from a partner
he himself goes to the shock position throws
stoke the transfer to the center there attentive
advocates you
and the washer caught
what a post and play his half lose
nothing maximushkin hit and score
ron and
and here you are